Add docs home page (#82)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/index.mdx

title: "Home"
metaTitle: "Neural Magic Documentation"
metaDescription: "Documentation for the Neural Magic Deep Sparse Platform a suite of software components to train and deploy sparsified deep learning models performantly on your data"
githubURL: "https://github.com/neuralmagic/docs/blob/main/src/content/index.mdx"
index: 0
---

# Neural Magic Documentation

Neural Magic’s Deep Sparse Platform provides a suite of software components to train and deploy sparsified deep learning models performantly on your data.

> The [DeepSparse Engine](/products/deepsparse) enables GPU class performance on CPUs for neural network deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DeepSparse Engine](/products/deepsparse) enables GPU-class performance on CPUs for neural network deployments.
```

[SparseML](/products/sparseml) leverages [recipes](/user-guide/what-are-recipes) to allow simple model [sparsification](/user-guide/what-is-sparsification) with only a few lines of code.

> And the [SparseZoo](/products/sparsezoo) stores presparsified models and sparsification recipes so you can easily plugin your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the [SparseZoo](/products/sparsezoo) stores pre-sparsified models and sparsification recipes so you can easily plugin your data.
```

<LinkCards>
  <LinkCard href="/doc/get-started" heading="Get Started">
    A step-by-step introduction into basic Deep Sparse Platform features
  </LinkCard>

  <LinkCard href="/doc/user-guide" heading="User Guide">
    Study the detailed inner-workings of the Deep Sparse Platform in its user guide.
  </LinkCard>

  <LinkCard href="/doc/use-cases" heading="Use Cases">
    Non-exhaustive list of scenarios the Deep Sparse Platform can help with
  </LinkCard>

  <LinkCard href="/doc/command-reference" heading="Command Reference">
    See all of the Deep Sparse Platform's commands.
  </LinkCard>
</LinkCards>

> ✅ Please join our [community](https://join.slack.com/t/discuss-neuralmagic/shared_invite/zt-q1a1cnvo-YBoICSIw3L1dmQpjBeDurQ) if you need any help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ Join our [community](https://join.slack.com/t/discuss-neuralmagic/shared_invite/zt-q1a1cnvo-YBoICSIw3L1dmQpjBeDurQ) if you need any help
```

or [subscribe](https://neuralmagic.com/deep-sparse-community/#subscribe) for regular Neural Magic email updates. ⚡

> ✅ Check out our [GitHub repositories](https://github.com/neuralmagic) and give us a ⭐ if you like the projects!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✅ Check out our [GitHub repositories](https://github.com/neuralmagic) and give us a ⭐ as we appreciate the community support!
```

> ✅ Contribute to DVC [on GitHub](https://github.com/neuralmagic) or help us improve this [documentation](https://github.com/neuralmagic/docs) 🙏.

Reviewer 2: nit: Use dvc link instead of NM github
```suggestion
✅ Contribute to DVC [on GitHub](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/blob/main/content/docs/user-guide/what-is-dvc.md) or help us improve this [documentation](https://github.com/neuralmagic/docs) 🙏.
```
